Update lightning qubit memory management (#601)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

> * Decouple LightningQubit memory ownership from numpy and migrate it to LightningQubit managed state-vector class.
>   [(#601)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/601)
> 
> * Expand support for Projector observables on LightningKokkos.
>   [(#601)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/601)

Reviewer: Think we usually write it more like ... for the release notes.
```suggestion
* Decouple LightningQubit memory ownership from numpy and migrate it to Lightning-Qubit managed state-vector class.
  [(#601)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/601)

* Expand support for Projector observables on Lightning-Kokkos.
  [(#601)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/601)
```

Author: Agree. Thank you!
